PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move con
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support par move bur
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move vie
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support bla move sev
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm support bla move sev
bar support fin move stp
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move ruh
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre move ser
mid hold
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum support bla move sev
sev move arm
ska move nwy
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven support adr move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army kie
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bar support edi move nwy
bel support ruh
boh support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol support nth move bel
kie support hol
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pic support bel
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support rum
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support bul move gre
arm support sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support mun
den support kie
gal move vie
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie support hol
mos support gal move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth support ska move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
ska move den
tri support gre move ser
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
ser move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army lon
remove swe
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support con move bul
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support hol
lon hold
mid move iri
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
alb support tri move ser
bel support hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
eas support ion move aeg
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre support alb move ser
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move wal
kie support hel move hol
lvp support lon move wal
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser
ser support gal move bud
sev support bla move rum
swe support den
tri move ser
tyr move pie
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove hel
remove kie
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move gre
ank hold
bel move nth
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
den move hel
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng move lon
gre support bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion support alb move gre
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar hold
mun move sil
nth support lon
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy support con move aeg
swe move den
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
bel move nth
bla support ukr move rum
bre move mid
bul support ukr move rum
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg move smy
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
gre support ser move bul
hel support edi move nth
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mar hold
mun support kie
nat move iri
nth move lon
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas support aeg move smy
edi move cly
eng move pic
gre move bul
hel support nth
hol support kie
ion move adr
iri move eng
kie support hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap move apu
nth support iri move eng
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
sev support bul move rum
ven move tri
wal support bre move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
smy move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support rom move ven
bel support hol
bla move sev
bre support pic move eng
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
cly move nat
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eas move aeg
gre move bul
hel support lon move hol
hol support kie
iri support cly move nat
kie support hol
lon move hol via convoy
mid support pic move eng
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move eng
pru move war
rom move ven
sev support rum
smy move con
ukr support bla move sev
wal hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel move nth
bre support mid
bul/sc move con
con move bla
den move kie
eng support mid
gre move bul
hel support nth
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mar move pie
mun support kie
nat support iri move mid
nth support lon
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
pru move war
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
tri move ven
ven move tri
wal move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
tri move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank support con
bel support eng move nth
bla support ukr move rum
bre support mid
bud support tri move vie
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
eng move nth
hel move nth
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support hol
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move pie
mun support kie
nat support iri move mid
nth move eng
pie move tus
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven support mar move pie
vie move tri
wal support nth move eng
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bla
remove boh
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove tus
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support eng move nth
bre support mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
den move kie
eng move nth
hel move nth
hol support kie
iri support nth move eng
kie support hol
lon move yor
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
vie move gal
wal support nth move eng
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support rum move sev
bel support lon move nth
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
con move bla
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move ukr
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move nth
mid support bre move eng
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
nat support iri move mid
nth support eng move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
spa/sc support mid
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move mos
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur support bel
den hold
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri support eng
kie move den
lon support eng
lvn support sil move war
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move sil
nat support iri
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support mid
tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wes move naf
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mid move eng
bre support mid move eng
bur support bel
den hold
eng hold
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri support eng
kie move den
lon support eng
lvn support war
mid move eng
mos hold
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move mid
nth hold
nwy support stp
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tun move wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bul via convoy
bel support bre move pic
bla convoy arm move bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bur move par
den hold
gal move bud
hol support bel
iri support eng
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat support mid
nth support eng
nwy support stp
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bre support mid move eng
den hold
eng move mid
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support sev
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
pic support mid move eng
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move pic
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
hol move ruh
iri support eng
kie support bel move hol
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support sev
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move mid
nth support eng
nwy support stp
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mid move eng
bre support mid move eng
den move kie
eng move bel
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support sev
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pic support mid move eng
ruh support bel
sev support mos
sil move war
stp hold
tun move naf
tys move tun
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic move eng
bre support pic move eng
den move kie
eng move wal
hol move nth
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
mid move nat
mos support sev
naf support wes move mid
nap move ion
nth support iri move eng
nrg support nth
nwy support stp
pic move eng
sev support mos
stp hold
tun move wes
ukr support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bre move eng
den move swe
eng move lon
hol support bel move nth
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn hold
mid move iri
mos support sev
naf hold
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move nat
par hold
ruh hold
sev support mos
sil hold
ukr support mos
wal support eng move lon
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
nth move ska
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng support nth
hol move hel
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
lon support nth
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support sev
naf move mid
nat move cly
nap move tys
nth support hol move hel
nrg support yor move edi
nwy support stp
par move pic
rom move apu
ruh move hol
sev support mos
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tun move wes
ukr support mos
wal move lvp
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
cly support nat move nrg
den hold
edi move cly
eng move nth
hel move den
iri move nat
kie support hel move den
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move iri
mos support sev
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nrg support edi move cly
nwy support stp
sev support mos
ska move swe
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
cly move nrg
den move swe
eng move nth
kie move den
lvn move stp
mos support sev
nat support cly move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
pic move bel
sev support mos
ska support den move swe
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
ukr support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bot support nwy move swe
bre move eng
eng move nth
mos support sev
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
sev support mos
ska support nth move nwy
stp hold
swe support nth move nwy
ukr support mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
remove bot
build Army bre
remove fin
build Army mar
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move sev
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support mos move stp
sev move mos
stp hold
swe move fin
tys hold
ukr support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
mos support stp
stp hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
