PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support vie move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move bud
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe support kie move den
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nwy
bel move bur
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support vie move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
den support swe
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie support boh move mun
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nth
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support kie move ruh
ber move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mos move war
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy support nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tri support vie
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
vie support tri
war move gal
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support ruh move bur
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
bre hold
bud move rum
con move bul/ec
den hold
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol hold
mar support por move spa
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth support bel
nwy support nth
por move spa/nc
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support bud move rum
spa/nc hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove por
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul/ec support con move rum
bur move gas
con move rum via convoy
den hold
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hol hold
lon move eng
gol support tus move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support edi move nth
rum move sev
ser support con move rum
sev move ukr
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tus move pie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm support rum move sev
bel move eng
bla support rum move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec move rum
bur support mun
den hold
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
hol move kie
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pic support gas move par
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mid move spa
rum move sev
ser support bul/ec move rum
spa/sc move mar
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
sev disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
eng move iri
gal move ukr
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support gal move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nth move nwy
par move gas
pic move bre
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
eng support nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
nth hold
nwy support nth
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move wes
swe support bal move bot
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot disband
ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
ber move sil
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre move ion
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru support war
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support mos
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm hold
ber move sil
bla hold
bre move gas
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
den move ska
gal move war
gas move mar
ion support tun
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru support war
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support mos
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move pru
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
bur support mun
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Germany: fleet/dislodged ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
ska disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move pru
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support mun
gal move war
gas support gol move mar
ion support tun
gol move mar
mid support wes
mar move gol
mos support pru move war
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move gal
sev support war move mos
sil support gal move war
ska move nwy
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp support mos
tus support mar move gol
tyr move mun
tys support mar move gol
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move lvn
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh support sil
bre hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move rum via convoy
gal support ukr move war
gas support spa/sc move mar
ion support tun
kie support mun
gol move tys
mid support wes
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
pie support mar move gol
pru support ber move sil
sev move ukr
sil hold
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tun hold
tus support mar move gol
tyr move mun
tys support mar move gol
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber support mun move sil
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support sil
bre move pic
bur support kie move mun
gal move war
gas support mar
ion support tun
kie move mun
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move sil
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru support mun move sil
rom support nap move tys
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil support war move pru
stp support bal move lvn
tun hold
tus support nap move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bar support stp
ber support mun move sil
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move sil
bur support kie move mun
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion support tun
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move bal
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move sil
naf support wes
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie support tus move gol
pru support mun move sil
rum move gal
sev hold
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp move mos
tun support gol move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr hold
war support sil move pru
wes support naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bal support mos move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move mun
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal support war move sil
gas support mar
ion support tun
iri move mid
lvn move war
gol hold
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move boh
naf support wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie support gol
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc support wes
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol
ukr move mos
war move sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
sil move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move sil
bla hold
boh move sil
bre support gas
bur support kie move mun
gal support tyr move vie
ion support tun
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol hold
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move boh
naf support wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie support gol
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc support wes
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr move vie
tys support gol
ukr hold
ven move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes support naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
