PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move tri
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa/nc
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel move lon
ber move bal
bre move eng
bur move bel
den move hel
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support vie move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nrg support nwy
rom support ven
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa/nc move por
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move lon
bla support arm move ank
bre hold
bud support adr move tri
bur move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
por move mid
rom support ven
rum hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army war
