PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lon hold
mid move por
nrg move nwy
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys move tun
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support gre move bul
bre move pic
bud move tri
con support gre move bul
gre move bul
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mun move ber
nap move apu
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank move bla
apu move adr
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
gre support rum move bul
ion support aeg move gre
lon move nth
mar hold
nth move den
pic support bur move bel
pie hold
ser support gre
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
ion support aeg move gre
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
mar move bur
nth move den
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move mar
swe support nth move den
tri move tyr
ven move tri
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
ank support con
arm support rum move ank
bel move nth
bla convoy rum move ank
bud support alb move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con support ank
den hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move boh
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move gol
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tyr
rum move ank via convoy
ser move gre
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri move vie
ven support pie move tyr
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
ank support bla move con
arm support ank
bal support sil move ber
bla move con
boh move mun
bud support tri
bul/sc support ser move gre
con support gre move bul
den move nth
eng support wal
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp support yor
gol move wes
mar move gol
nth move nwy
par move bur
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
ank move smy
arm move bla
bal support ber
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bud support tri
bul/sc support bla move con
bur support mun
den move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre hold
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support mun
lon support den move nth
lvp hold
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth move lon
sil move mun
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal support nth move lon
wes support gol move tys
yor support lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
remove smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move smy
bal convoy ber move den
ber move den via convoy
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun move tyr
bre move pic
bud support tyr move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
eng support lon
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvp move edi
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support tyr move tri
wal support lon
war move gal
wes move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul/ec hold
con support bul/ec
eng move iri
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie move den
lon support wal
lvp hold
mun move bur
naf move wes
nap move rom
nrg move edi
pic move eng
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move bud
wal support lon
yor support lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eng
remove ion
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal move den
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul/ec support rum
bur support ruh
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move aeg
iri move nat
kie support ruh
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tun move tys
nwy move swe
ruh support kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move tys
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
cly support edi
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie support bur move mun
lon move hol via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nat
nwy hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
swe support den
tri move bud
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
remove edi
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move aeg
gal move boh
gre support eas move aeg
hol move kie
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nat move mid
nth move den
nwy move nrg
par move bur
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
con support bul/ec
den move hel
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support aeg move bul
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
gol support mar
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nth move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul/ec
ser support gal move rum
sil support mun
smy support con
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move gal
vie support tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hol
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove mid
remove sil
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/ec hold
bur move bel
con support gre move aeg
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move sil
gre support rum move bul
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
edi move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel support pic move bur
ber support mun
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul move smy
con move bul/sc
eas support aeg move smy
eng move nth
gre support bul
hel support edi move nth
hol support ruh move kie
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
mid move nat
mun support ber
nrg support edi move nth
pic move bur
pie support tyr
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
swe move den
tyr support vie move boh
tys hold
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul/sc
eas support smy
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel support mun move kie
hol support lon move nth
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy support gre move aeg
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support sev move rum
vie support rum move gal
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support con
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
den support hol move kie
eas support smy
gal move ukr
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tys
mun support vie move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support hol move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
tri move alb
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
nwy move swe
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army par
build Army rom
remove sev
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc support bla move con
bur support mun
con support aeg move bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move smy
edi move cly
hel move den
kie support den
lvp move wal
mun support kie
nth support bel move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum support aeg move bul
ser support aeg move bul
sil support ber
swe support hel move den
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
bar move stp/nc
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support gas move mar
cly move nat
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eng move lon
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move por
mun move ber
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil support ber
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move mun
wal move lvp
war support sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move bal
gal move war
gre move ser
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun support ber
nat move mid
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support kie move ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
smy support bul/sc move con
spa move gas
swe move den
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal move lvn
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur move par
con hold
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move bur
iri support mid
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gas move bur
mos support war
mun support ber
nth move eng
por move mid
pru support sil move war
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move war
smy hold
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
remove pru
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support par move gas
bud move tri
bur support mar move gas
con support arm move ank
den move bel via convoy
eng support den move bel
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvn move bal
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support iri move mid
nth convoy den move bel
par move gas
por move mid
sil move pru
smy hold
spa/sc support por move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bal move den
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur move par
con move smy
eng move pic
gre move alb
hol support mun move ruh
iri move mid
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
smy move aeg
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
