PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move rum
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move pie
wal move bre
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla move rum
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move bul
den move ska
eng support bre
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nwy
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng support bre
gal support bud move rum
lon move nwy
mid support par move bre
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska support bal move swe
smy move con
spa hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bot support nwy move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support gas move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa move mar
swe support ska move nwy
ukr move gal
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
sil move boh
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng support bre
fin support den move swe
gal support sil move war
gre move bul/sc
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
ruh move mun
sil move war
spa move gas
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven hold
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp/sc
gal support bud move rum
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move pic
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy support fin move stp/sc
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move war
ven hold
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
stp/sc move lvn
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bul support ukr move rum
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move adr
mar move spa
mos support sil move war
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy support hel move nth
par hold
pic move bel
por support mar move spa
rom support nap move apu
rum hold
ser support rum
sil move war
spa move por
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
spa move gas
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move gre
apu support rom move ven
bel hold
ber move sil
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth support hol move bel
nwy support nth
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri
bel hold
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
gre hold
hel convoy kie move yor
hol support ruh move bel
kie move yor
lon move nth
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy kie move yor
nrg support lon move nth
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tyr support bud move vie
ukr move sev
ven support apu move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
ank hold
bel hold
bud support sev move rum
bul move gre
bur support bel
con hold
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support bud
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move ruh
mar support bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move alb
nth support edi move yor
nrg move nwy
nwy support hel move nth
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
swe move ska
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
wes move tys
yor support hel move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank hold
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
edi move yor
gal move vie
hel support yor move nth
hol support bel
ion support alb move gre
lon support edi move yor
mar support bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy support yor move nth
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska support yor move nth
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul
alb move gre
ank hold
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
con move ank
edi move nth
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hel support nth
hol support bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move ruh
lon support edi move nth
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move arm
ska support nth
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move pic
bud support gal move vie
bur move gas
con move ank
edi move nrg
gal move vie
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support gre
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move gas
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move bar
nwy support hel move nth
pic move par
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ser
sil support kie move mun
ska support hel move nth
tri move bud
tyr support mun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
ank hold
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
boh move mun
bud support gal move vie
bur support pic move par
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre support ser
ion move tun
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
pic move par
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil support mun
ska move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
bel hold
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support vie
bur support kie move mun
edi hold
gre move ser
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support boh move sil
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pic support bre
pie support tyr
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil support kie move mun
ska move nwy
tri support gre move ser
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move bre
kie move den
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par support eng move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support sil move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
mun move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
eng move bre
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move gre
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nth support edi
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
ser move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
boh move sil
bre support mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
edi move nth
gas move spa/nc
lvp move wal
mid support bur move gas
mar move spa
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth move hel
pic support ruh move bur
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
tri move ser
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bur move par
den move kie
gas move bur
hel move den
ion support gre
iri move eng
lvn support sil move war
mar support gas move bur
mos support war
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bur
pic support bur move par
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
tri move ser
tyr move mun
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
bre hold
bud support ven move tri
bur move mun
con move ank
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn support sev move mos
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth move edi
nrg move edi
par support bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
sil support bur move mun
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
wal move lon
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
mun move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support boh move vie
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move smy
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mar support bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bel
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support gal move bud
tyr support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
remove mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support mun move kie
boh support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move ruh
edi support yor move nth
gal move war
gre hold
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lon move yor
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support bur move ruh
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support mun
vie support tri
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support den move kie
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support eng move bel
con move ank
den move kie
edi support yor move nth
eng move bel
gre support ion
ion support gre
kie support pru move ber
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support war
smy move con
tri support vie move bud
tyr support ruh move mun
vie move bud
war support sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army nap
remove nrg
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
boh move vie
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support sil move mun
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move cly
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support pru move ber
lon support hol move nth
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nap move alb
nth move hol
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bel move hol
rum support con move bul/sc
ser move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr support sil move mun
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
nth move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
alb support gre
arm move sev
ber move kie
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
bul support sev move rum
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
den support ber move kie
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
kie support nth move den
mos support sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth move den
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul/sc
ser support bul
sev move rum
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move ion
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
