PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal move swe
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move arm
bal move swe
bla support sev move arm
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move nth
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rom move apu
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
ber support ruh move mun
bla support arm move ank
bot move bal
bud move rum
con support ank
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gre move bul
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lon move hol via convoy
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic move lon via convoy
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
tri hold
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
remove mun
remove nwy
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank hold
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support gre move ser
con support ank
den support ber move kie
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gre support alb
hel move hol
hol support nth move bel
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move bur
nth move bel
par move pic
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
smy hold
spa move mar
tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre
alb move ser
ank support con
bar move stp/nc
bel support hel move hol
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con support bul
den hold
eng move lon
gre support alb move ser
hel move hol
hol move lon via convoy
kie support hel move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth convoy hol move lon
pic support bel
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
tri support alb move ser
ukr move gal
vie support ser move tri
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
con support bul
den move swe
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support ser move bud
gre support ser
hol move hel
kie move ber
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nth move lon
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support gal move bud
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bot
tri support bud move ser
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
nth move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel support yor move hol
ber move pru
bot support lvn move stp
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move ank
eas move ion
edi support nat move nrg
eng support nth
gal move bud
gre support ser
hel move hol
kie support sil move mun
lvn move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move nrg
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bul/ec
ser support gal move bud
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move ank
swe move fin
tri move ser
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army rom
remove ska
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
bel move bur
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre move bul
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre move bul
sil support ber move pru
smy move ank
tri support gal move bud
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move alb via convoy
arm move ank
bar support hol move nwy
bot move swe
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gal support war
hol move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun move boh
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg support hol move nwy
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
smy support con
tri move bud
ven support tri
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
tri move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bla support ank move con
boh support mun move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support ser
den move swe
eas hold
ion support aeg
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy hold
tri support bud
tyr support tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move tri
bar support stp
bla move ank
boh support sil move gal
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move con
bur move mun
den support nwy move swe
eas move smy
gal move boh
hel move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ser support alb move tri
sil move gal
smy move arm
stp support pru move lvn
tri move bud
tun support gol move tys
tyr move pie
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
gal move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
