PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
edi move bel via convoy
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic hold
ser move alb
smy move ank
tri support tyr move ven
tus move pie
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support sev move arm
bud move ser
edi move nrg
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move mid
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move alb
sev move arm
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support rum
ven move apu
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move rom
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
den support swe
gas move naf via convoy
gre move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid convoy gas move naf
nth support bel
nwy support ska move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe support den
ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move rom
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move con
den move hel
gre hold
kie move mun
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth support ska move den
nrg move nat
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom move apu
rum hold
ser move bul
ska move den
stp move fin
swe support den
tri support adr move ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support rum move con
apu move rom
bel move lon via convoy
ber move mun
bla convoy rum move con
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
den move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hel support kie move den
hol support mun move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move den
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rum move con via convoy
ser support bud move rum
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support ven
tun hold
tys support apu move rom
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
den move bal
rom move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move wal via convoy
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bur move bel
con support ank move smy
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
hel support den move nth
iri support bre move mid
nat move lvp
nth move lon
nrg move cly
ruh move kie
sev move rum
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tys move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support con move bul
cly support lvp
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move bud
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
ion support rom move nap
iri support wal move lvp
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth support eng move lon
nwy move swe
rom move nap
rum support gal move bud
stp move lvn
swe move ska
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army/dislodged wal
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
bud move vie
bul support rum move ser
cly support lvp
hel support den
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move alb
iri move wal
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move edi
rum move ser
sev move bla
ska support swe move den
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move vie
war move sil
wes move tys
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel hold
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support gre
cly move nat
con move aeg
den hold
edi move cly
hel support den
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pie support rom move ven
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
ser support bud move tri
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tyr move vie
tys move ion
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nat
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move arm
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul support gre
cly move nrg
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support tri move ser
hel support edi move nth
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth move eng
par move gas
pie move tyr
pru support sil
ser support tri
sil support ukr move gal
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ser
arm move syr
bel hold
boh move gal
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move wal
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre support aeg move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon move wal
gol move tys
mun support ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru support sil move ber
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sil move ber
ska support nwy
smy support con move aeg
swe move den
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Army tri
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move apu via convoy
bel move hol
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul/sc hold
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support tri move bud
gre support bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move den
lon move yor
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
pru support sil move war
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
ska move den
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
syr hold
tri move bud
tyr move ven
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu move nap
bel support pic move bur
ber move kie
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con support aeg move bul
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul/sc
hel support hol
hol support ska move nth
ion support bul/sc move aeg
kie move den
lon support ska move nth
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support ska move nth
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move ber
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tri move bud
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
nth move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Army par
remove swe
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel move ruh
con support rum move bul
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre support ser
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
ion support bul/sc move aeg
kie move ruh
lon support bre move eng
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy support hel move nth
par move pic
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
tri support ven move tyr
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move iri
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
apu move alb via convoy
bel support nth
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move nth
gre move bul
hol support nth
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nth support bel
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
smy move con
syr move smy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
wal move eng
yor support lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
remove ion
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul support tri move ser
con move bul
edi support nth move yor
gre support tri move ser
hol move nth
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nth move yor
nrg move nat
rum support ser
ser support bud
smy move eas
syr move smy
tri move ser
vie support boh move tyr
wal support bel move eng
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud support ser
bul support gre
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move bre
gre support tri move alb
kie move mun
mun move bur
nat support wal move lvp
nth move lon
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support tyr move tri
smy move con
tri move alb
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bre support bel move pic
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
gre move alb
ion support bul move gre
kie move den
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth move eng
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
tri support mun move tyr
ven move apu
war move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
Russia: fleet/dislodged bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
