PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move nwy
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth support bur move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie hold
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bud move gal
bur hold
con support ank move bla
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
kie move hel
lvp move wal
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move gre
sev move bla
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven support pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bur support par move pic
con move bul/ec
den hold
gal move ukr
hel support den
ion move adr
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie hold
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev hold
ska support nth move den
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support gal
wal move eng
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
bre move mid
bul/ec support con move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move rum
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gre move ser
hel move hol
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move hel
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
sev support con move rum
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
bur move par
gal move bud
mar move gas
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move rum
bel support par move bur
bla convoy arm move rum
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/ec support arm move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc move mar
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa/sc
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom support ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mar move pie
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
remove gas
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den hold
edi support hol move nth
gal move war
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
nwy support bal move swe
pie support ven move tyr
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move gre
sev support ukr move mos
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support por
swe move den
tri move tyr
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
mos move stp
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move bur
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move alb
hel support nth move den
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth move den
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
rum move bud
sev support mos
ska support den
spa/sc support por
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
remove mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ank move rum
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support tyr move tri
bur move mar
con move bul
den move hel
hel move hol
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
ser support bud
sev support mos
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
iri move lvp
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev support mos
ska support nth move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri support adr move ven
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
ion move nap
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support rum move gal
bur support bre move gas
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move war
gre move alb
hol support edi move nth
ion move adr
lvp move cly
mar hold
mos support gal move war
nap move apu
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
apu move ion
bel move pic
ber hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move edi
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal support bud move vie
gas support bur move mar
kie support ber
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ser move tri
sil support mun move ber
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support vie
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri disband
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support smy move eas
alb support tri
ank move con
bal move lvn
ber move mun
bre hold
cly move edi
con move bul
den move swe
gal support tyr move boh
gas support mar move spa
gre move ion
hol move hel
kie move hel
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp support bal move lvn
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war support lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber support hol move kie
bre hold
bul move rum
cly move nat
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move kie
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru move lvn
spa support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri support ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
kie disband
mar move bur
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Army nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
bul move ser
bur support gas
con move bul
den move nth
edi move cly
fin support lvn move stp
gas support pic move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move apu
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mar support spa move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nat move nrg
nap hold
pic move bre
rum move gal
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
fin support stp
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn support nwy move stp
gol convoy pie move spa
mid support spa move gas
mar support spa move gas
mos support nwy move stp
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
pic support gas move bre
pie move spa
ser move bud
sil support mun move boh
spa move gas
stp hold
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu move nap
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur support bre move gas
con move bul
den move nth
edi support hol move nth
eng support mid move bre
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gas move par
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move cly
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pic move par
rum move ukr
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tyr support gal move boh
tys move gol
ven support nap move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move par
cly support nth move edi
den move swe
edi hold
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
gal move boh
gas move par
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support ukr move war
gol move pie
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
