PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mos hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den hold
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
por hold
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support sev move arm
boh move gal
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
den support kie move hel
eng support iri move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move hel
mun support ber
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
pic support bre
por move spa
rom support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move arm
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move sev
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bel hold
ber hold
bla convoy rum move arm
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den support hel move nth
eng support nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move apu
rum move arm
sev support rum move arm
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
gal move rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support pic
ber move pru
bla move con
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul support bla move con
con support rum move bul
den support hel move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move eng
gol hold
mun move sil
nth support bel move hol
pic support bel
por move spa
rom support apu move ven
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move con
bre support mid move eng
bud support tri
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den hold
eng support lon move nth
gal move ukr
hel move hol
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol hold
mid move eng
nth move ska
pic move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
smy move arm
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support bud
tun move tys
tus move rom
ven move tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support con
con support arm move smy
den support hol move nth
eng move bel
gal support ser move rum
gas move bur
hol move nth
kie move mun
lon move eng
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pru support sil move war
rom support tri move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move war
ska support swe move den
smy support bla move con
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move nap
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
gal disband
hol disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support bre move eng
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support con
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
den move kie
gal support bud move rum
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
ska move nth
smy support ank move con
tri support rom move ven
ukr move war
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con move smy
bel support bre move eng
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
lvn move mos
gol hold
mos support war
mun support kie move ruh
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
ser support tri move alb
ska move nth
smy move ank
tri move alb
ukr move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb disband
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Army stp
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support bre move eng
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support ska move nth
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lon move wal
lvn move pru
gol hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
ska move nth
stp move lvn
tri move alb
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nth
eng support bel
gal support pru move war
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support war
gol hold
mos support sev move ukr
mun move ber
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support pru move war
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
ukr support pru move war
vie support gal
wal support lon move eng
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove sil
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bel support mid move eng
ber move pru
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
den support nth
eng hold
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion support gre move aeg
iri support mid move eng
kie support hol
lvn move pru
gol hold
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move sil
nth support eng
nwy hold
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
stp move lvn
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie hold
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
eng move lon
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move eas
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support eng move nth
ber support sil move pru
bre support eng
bul move con
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gal hold
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move eas
iri move nat
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mos support arm move sev
nth support lon move eng
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
sil move pru
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
ukr support war move mos
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
eng move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support bre move eng
ber move sil
bre move eng
bul support aeg move con
eas move smy
eng move wal
gal move sil
hol support bel
ion hold
iri move lvp
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move eng
nat move lvp
nth move lon
pru support war
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support war move mos
tri move alb
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal support nat move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move nth
ber move kie
bul move con
con move ank
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move wal
mid move bre
mos support ukr move war
nat support wal move lvp
pic move bel
pru move war
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support mos
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ukr move war
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move smy
eas move aeg
gal support war
hol move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support bre move eng
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
nat support lvp
nth convoy hol move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move ukr
sev move arm
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
alb move ion
ank move con
arm support con move smy
ber support sil move mun
boh move mun
bur support sil move mun
con move smy
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move sil
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
nat support lvp
nth move edi
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil move mun
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move sil
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun hold
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp support war move lvn
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gal move sil
gas move mar
ion move tys
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
